c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Xmote.dll
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Xmote.pdb
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Xmote.xap
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\obj\Debug\Xmote.g.resources
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\obj\Debug\Xmote.dll
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\obj\Debug\Xmote.pdb
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\carlo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.feature.settings.rest.png
C:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.transport.play.rest.png
C:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Xmote\Xmote\Bin\Debug\Images\appbar.transport.pause.rest.png
